as the last sentence regularly the ears
control his dog to see
whether for example inflammations or of
duty are dirty
It is important that you really do that
caught regularly with his untrained
that with the one really good and
of course, after you look at therefore a
a little easier if the supreme and
just accepted the weak bonus
more often has that one time
a bit dirty have their ears or
stop an inflammation that's why you should
always look awry when you go back
Cage attracts the Swiss It has a lot
clean
then we said but make important
still make ears clean is not so
often above all, I clearly with your when
This cheese is in protection
always go through another damp cloth
It is absolutely okay Europe should be
use once every eight weeks
it is simply preserved in it
natural no flora and then of course
every three days somehow the ears office
some destroyed made of
flora native and then can
Of course no sit down to do that
also a good tip if you like that
want to go deep but the worry has
that finds us is the orbit
make a clean because it is natural
bit difficult for me when you're in
a discourse as dirty and risks
Of course, then I can not do anything
say
what's the matter in august we are watching
Let's look at vision dogs only from
inside looks
Here you can hear the horn
see if we at the vet
of course we are still looking at it
times with moto scope in and then also
really to assess the eardrum
Of course you can do that as a dog owner
not and you can already see that
is there something red is there something
Dirty when you clean the order
you want to use only a few of them
there's a good shot once directly
into the ear
then you happen that sounds nice
always such a nice pain
noise that you the dog once they
shaking often does that sometimes
not in this case would want that
I do not shake but do too
nothing if they have shaken
then you normally see it
up here then the track through the
play with raised is that cleans
then just with one
wet cloth or such a mat pad and
then the ear is important as clean
pet owner page please no longer
Chopsticks in the hand around in the process
here you can hurt in and with it and
Of course it can also be that one
you actually take out
wanted to push further down like that
so you can just ears of
a customer
and as I said when you go home a lot
There are both the dog and the dog
times the tea